Yves: The tenth girl of LOOΠΔ is doing a photo shooting
Yves: I think our tenth girl has...
Yves: a kind of fruit face. That kind of vibe!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Chuu - Heart Attack"
(Senior members standing in order of height and watching Chuu)
Kim Lip: Actually, Chuu is a friend of mine.
Kim Lip: We've known each other since before we entered a high school.
Kim Lip: And we were at high school together for 3 years.
Kim Lip: Cheer up, Chuu!
Chuu: My first turn of a photo shooing is done!
Chuu: Hey...
Chuu: How can I record it again?
'Just breathe in and say 'again' into the camera. That's all.'
Chuu: Ah, alright.
'You don't need to push the stop button"
Chuu: Okay
(She is just doing as what PD told her...)
Chuu: Again!
Chuu: Hello~
Chuu: Well, my fist turn of photo shooting is done!
Chuu: I"ve never done it befoe.
Chuu: So I was very nervous~
Chuu: But I was so happy~!
Chuu: Because many good people helped me to relax!
Chuu: Can I just do it and end up like this...?
Chuu: See you~!